Update Daml Shell docs (#729)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.1/docs/tools/daml-shell/index.rst

         * quit - quit the shell
         * set - configure application settings
         * transaction - transaction details
       
       Available filters:
         * csv - transform table data to csv format
         * export - write output to local file
         * grep - filter output by pattern
         * head - take first n lines
         * tail - take last n lines
       
       In addition to above built-in filters, any of the available system binaries
       can be used as filters and will receive the command output as stdin

Filters
=======

You can pipe command output through one or more ``filters`` using the
``|`` (pipe) symbol. For example,
``active Foo:Bar | csv | export ~/my_foos.csv``. If the filter is not

> recognized as a built-in filter, Daml Shell will use the system binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recognized as a built-in filter, Daml Shell uses the system binary
```

> of the same name as the filter if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the same name as the filter if such a binary exists.
```
